Removed typo from Instructions (#38066)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/06-information-security-and-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/run-functional-tests-on-api-endpoints-using-chai-http.english.md

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
Replace <code>assert.fail()</code>. Test the status and the <code>text.response</code>. Make the test pass.

> Don't send a name in the query, the endpoint responds with <code>'hello Guest'</code>.

Reviewer: Do we really need the code tags surrounding the string?
```suggestion
Don't send a name in the query, the endpoint responds with "hello Guest".
```

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

> Replace <code>assert.fail()</code>. Test the status and the text.response. Make the test pass.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace <code>assert.fail()</code>. Test the status and the <code>text.response</code>. Make the test pass.
```
